feat: Add page for modifying response headers (#469)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/190-paas-operations/configuration/115-modify-response-headers.md

---
layout: cluedin
nav_order: 16
parent: Configuration
grand_parent: PaaS operations
permalink: /paas-operations/config/modify-response-headers
title: Modify web response headers
tags: ["deployment", "kubernetes", "web", "frontend"]
headerIcon: "paas"
---

> ## On this page
> {: .no_toc .text-delta }
> 1. TOC
> {:toc}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

By default, CluedIn is configured with web security in mind and out of the box is quite secure. In certain cases, security teams may require additional configuration (normally in the form of response headers) on the response headers to comply with policies.

This document explains how you can amend these headers to comply with your organisation.

# Pre-requisites
- Access to your Kubernetes cluster
- Helm installed

# Documentation

> In order to amend the headers, we'll recommend updating the configMap of haproxy ingress controller by amending your values.yaml file to add the supported key:value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to modify the headers, we'll recommend updating the configMap of HAProxy Ingress Controller by amending your values.yaml file to add the supported key:value pairs.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**To modify web response headers**

```

> 1. Export your current values file from a given environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export your current values file from a given environment.
```

1. Edit the now exported values file in the following section:

   ```yaml
   infrastructure:
     controller:
       config: # This is additions to the configMap
         config-backend: | # This refers to: https://haproxy-ingress.github.io/docs/configuration/keys/#configuration-snippet
           http-response add-header Cache-Control no-store
           http-response add-header X-Content-Type-Options nosniff

           # The above will add two additional response header entries for Cache-Control and X-Content-Type.
           # This can be updated to something more suitable to your organization.
   ```

> 1. Run helm update with the new values and after a few minutes, the config map `cluedin-haproxy-ingress` should now have a new entry for `config-backend`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run helm update with the new values. After a few minutes, the config map `cluedin-haproxy-ingress` should now have a new entry for `config-backend`
```

> 1. You can validate that the headers are being passed by going to your frontend in the browser, open up the developer tools (In Chrome, this is F12) and checking the response headers from the front end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To validate that the headers are being passed, go to your front end in the browser, open up the developer tools (In Chrome, this is F12), and check the response headers from the front end.
```

   You should notice that the added responses are now part of the overall response.

> For any further assistance, or an edge case you may require assistance with, please reach out to CluedIn Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any further assistance or an edge case, reach out to CluedIn support.
```
